# Security

## Critical Disclosures

Bugs in monero-oxide which cause a downstream project to be at risk of loss of
funds (or a similarly critical issue) are to be reported via
[Serai's Bug Bounty Program](https://immunefi.com/bug-bounty/serai/information/).
Such bugs will be eligible for a good-faith bounty from Serai. The disclosure is
to be immediately shared by the Serai maintainers with the monero-oxide
administrators. A goal of monero-oxide is to deploy its own bug bounty program
when doing so is financially feasible.

All affected projects should be _privately_ disclosed to via their stated
disclosure method (or any private means of communication upon lack of stated
disclosure method).

All projects, including monero-oxide, should be informed of the amount of
projects disclosed to, without permission to make a public disclosure until all
projects resolve the issue.

## DoS Disclosures

Bugs which cause panics, or a similar denial-of-service, are to be reported to
the administrators (via Matrix) and the affected downstream projects (again via
their stated disclosure methods).

A public disclosure will only occur once monero-oxide releases a fix.

## Bugs

All other bugs are to be reported via the GitHub issues of the monero-oxide
repository. If the severity of a bug is in-question, it must be treated as its
highest potential severity.

## Fallback Disclosure Timeline

Any bug within monero-oxide may be publicly disclosed three months after the
date of its responsible disclosure to the monero-oxide project, regardless of
its status. Prior to this deadline, any disclosed to party may request an
extension of up to 60 days. If the discloser agrees to that extension, they must
notify all disclosed-to parties of the new timeline and all must honor it. If
the discloser does not agree, they must explicitly inform the requester of their
disagreement.
